# Stock Forecast Project
  
#  Overview:
#  Created as an end-to-end data pipeline, this project uses historical stock data to forecast prices 1 day ahead.  A trading algorithm is then developed on top of the model.  The first program, entitled 'polygon_API', pulls historical stock data from the Polygon API.  Once pulled, it pushes the data to an Amazon Web Services (AWS) postgres database for storage, as well as writing the data into a csv in the local path.  The second program, entitled 'pull_from_db', pulls the data from the database and writes it to a csv.  Although redundant, these steps served as extra practice working with cloud databases.  The next program is entitled 'bh_portfolio_analysis', which performs initial processing of the data, centered mainly around visualization.  Lastly, 'stock_forecast' constitutes the bulk of the project, preprocessing the data, organizing it into the relevant dataframes, and providing a code architecture able to easily extract predictive data from the whole set. A combined CNN-LSTM neural network is used for pattern recognition and forecasting, while a trading algorithm is overlayed to utilize the predictive power.

#  Concluding thoughts:
#  Although the model and trading algorithm yielded less than actionable results (profits would be offset by transaction costs), the code architecture created is invaluable. Other hypotheses or models can be easily tested, simply by writing and replacing a few functions in 'stock_forecast'. In addition, this afforded good experience working with API requests and cloud databases.
